Created Usage setting article (#2627)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Usage/index.md

---
versionFrom: 7.0.0
---

# Usage on your Umbraco Cloud project

> In the Umbraco Cloud settings tab, we recently introduced a new setting called Usage.

Reviewer: It won't be a new page in half a year 😉 
Perhaps consider not calling it *new*.

Author: Thanks i have now changed it a bit 😄

> From here you can see your current usage of Content nodes, Custom hostnames and Media storeage and the usage limitations for your Umbraco Cloud project and the plan that the project is on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From here you can see your current usage of Content nodes, Custom hostnames, and Media storage. You can also get an overview of the usage limitations for your Umbraco Cloud project as well as the plan that the project is on.
```

![Usage on Cloud](images/Usage.png)

## Usage limits

On the image below you can see the Usage limitatons for the specific plans on Umbraco Cloud.

> ![Usage limits on a starter plan](images/plan_limitations.png)

Reviewer: Remember to double-check that your images show up on Github. It's very case sensitive 🙈 

```suggestion
![Usage limits on a starter plan](images/Plan_limitations.png)
```
